Important Safety Information

What is Avastin approved for?
Glioblastoma (GBM)
Avastin is approved to treat glioblastoma (GBM) when taken alone in adult patients whose cancer has progressed after prior treatment (recurrent or rGBM). The effectiveness of Avastin in rGBM is based on tumor response. Currently, no data have shown whether or not Avastin improves disease-related symptoms or survival in people with rGBM.

Metastatic Colorectal Cancer (mCRC)
Avastin is approved to treat metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) for:

First- or second-line treatment in combination with intravenous 5-fluorouracil–based chemotherapy
Second-line treatment when used with fluoropyrimidine-based (combined with irinotecan or oxaliplatin) chemotherapy after cancer progresses following a first-line treatment that includes Avastin
Avastin is not approved for use after the primary treatment of colon cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body.

Non–Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC)
Avastin, in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, is approved to treat advanced nonsquamous non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in people who have not received chemotherapy for their advanced disease.

Metastatic Kidney Cancer (mRCC)
Avastin, used with interferon alfa, is approved to treat metastatic kidney cancer (mRCC).

Advanced Cervical Cancer (CC)
Avastin, in combination with paclitaxel and cisplatin or paclitaxel and topotecan, is approved to treat persistent, recurrent, or metastatic cancer of the cervix.

Platinum-Resistant Ovarian Cancer (prOC)
Avastin, in combination with paclitaxel, pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or topotecan, is approved to treat platinum-resistant recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer in women who received no more than two prior chemotherapy treatments.

Possible serious side effects
Everyone reacts differently to Avastin therapy. So it's important to know what the side effects are. Although some people may have a life-threatening side effect, most do not. Your doctor will stop treatment if any serious side effects occur. Be sure to contact your health care team if there are any signs of these side effects.

Most serious side effects (not common, but sometimes fatal):

GI perforation. A hole that develops in your stomach or intestine. Symptoms include pain in your abdomen, nausea, vomiting, constipation, or fever
Wounds that don't heal. A cut made during surgery can be slow to heal or may not fully heal. Avastin should not be used for at least 28 days before or after surgery and until surgical wounds are fully healed
Serious bleeding. This includes vomiting or coughing up blood; bleeding in the stomach, brain, or spinal cord; nosebleeds; and vaginal bleeding. If you recently coughed up blood or had serious bleeding, be sure to tell your doctor
Other possible serious side effects
Abnormal passage in the body. This type of passage—known as a fistula—is an irregular connection from one part of the body to another and can sometimes be fatal
Severe high blood pressure. Blood pressure that severely spikes or shows signs of affecting the brain. Blood pressure should be monitored every 2 to 3 weeks while on Avastin and after stopping treatment
Kidney problems. These may be caused by too much protein in the urine and can sometimes be fatal
Infusion reactions. These were uncommon with the first dose (less than 3% of patients). 0.2% of patients had severe reactions. Infusion reactions include high blood pressure or severe high blood pressure that may lead to stroke, trouble breathing, decreased oxygen in red blood cells, a serious allergic reaction, chest pain, headache, tremors, and excessive sweating. Your doctor or nurse will monitor you for signs of infusion reactions
Severe stroke or heart problems. These may include blood clots, mini-stroke, heart attack, and chest pain. These can sometimes be fatal
Nervous system and vision problems. Signs include headache, seizure, high blood pressure, sluggishness, confusion, and blindness
Side effects seen most often
In clinical studies across different types of cancer, some patients experienced the following side effects:

High blood pressure
Too much protein in the urine
Nosebleeds
Rectal bleeding
Back pain
Headache
Taste change
Dry skin
Inflammation of the skin
Inflammation of the nose
Watery eyes
Avastin is not for everyone
Talk to your doctor if you are:

Undergoing surgery. Avastin should not be used for 28 days before or after surgery and until surgical wounds are fully healed
Pregnant. Data have shown that Avastin may harm your unborn baby. Use birth control while on Avastin. If you stop Avastin, you should keep using birth control for 6 months before trying to become pregnant
Planning to become pregnant. Taking Avastin could cause a woman's ovaries to stop working and may impair her ability to have children
Breastfeeding. Breastfeeding while on Avastin may harm your baby and is therefore not recommended
If you have any questions about your condition or treatment, talk to your doctor.

You may report side effects to the FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch.
You may also report side effects to Genentech at 1-888-835-2555.

Please see full Product Information, including Serious Side Effects, for additional important safety information.
